In the last lecture, we had a look at how we can improve the experience on Safari,
now there are also a couple of other meta tags we can add to really create a good user experience,
for example for the Internet Explorer. Now Edge will soon support the manifest.json file but the
old Internet Explorers won't.
Well, we can at least improve the experience a bit here too,
again with a meta tag where the name now is msapplication-TileImage, so this will be the image used
on this Windows tile
then if we save this to the home screen and here, the content then is an icon we want to use,
I will point to the 144x144
icon here, so /src/images/icons and then its app-icon-144x144.png. Another
meta tag we can add for
Internet Explorer is the msapplication,
again this is kind of showing that it is related to a web application-like approach, the tile color,
so the background color behind the icon and here I'll set the content to
#fff to have this white background color behind the icon and again, this will be on the
windows tile.
And finally, there is one other meta tag you can add,
this is interesting across browsers, it's the meta tag where the name is theme color and you can set
this to a content, typically to the same content as you have in your manifest.json file for the theme.
So this color here, the theme color specified here,
you also set it here and whilst Chrome and so on will read this from your manifest.json file, other
browsers will parse this and also Chrome use this as a fallback in case it has some issues with the
manifest.json file or anything like that,
so it's good to also specify this in the index.html file.
Now finally one thing you absolutely have to do is, do the same in all the pages you are loading, not
just in the root
index.html file.
So also do the same for the other page in the help folder, there below the manifest,
I also add all the links and tags
we just added in our main index.html file.